hey everybody it's the beasts you're not
eleven here bringing you a new series
which i like to call gaming conspiracies
I don't know if I saw the conspiracies
right on that title screen there I suck
at spelling them but anyway this new
series will involve me talking out dr.
Hawking taking a look at all the creepy
and mysterious things in video games so
to start off this series I'm going to
talk about a fun little game in this
game is some might call mario galaxy 2
what you'd normally see is a fun
platforming game mario galaxy 2 has a
very eerie easter egg in the level
called the sugar bear galaxy when you
start in this level you want to go into
first person mode and take a look at the
background if you look closely enough on
top of a clip clip clip you'll see three
creatures staring at you don't believe
me take a look at this video
okay before we continue I just wanna say
I'm sorry for the quality i was
recording that with a webcam because i
do not have a capture card so i think it
makes the point clear about now there
are numerous american series over the
internet explain what those three
creatures are they are only found on
that level and no one no one mentioned
some in the game by the aliens well one
man hacked into the game files
apparently the background image for the
shipper burn galaxy is named a fond hell
valley it doesn't sound like something
in a Mario in a mario game the file name
for the creature is hell Valley Sky Tree
oh they're just trees let's get a closer
look they don't look like trees since
window trees have arms head and eyes and
what makes this even more interesting is
the fact there's very little details on
what this is some people claimed hella
Valley was a beta level that was cut
from the game others say they are just
strangely cut tree in my opinion I am
not who what these things are maybe if a
mario galaxy 3 came out a level would be
based off these creatures or trees but I
seriously doubt that that would happen
maybe Nintendo just sat in a room and
said let's put these three little alien
thing staring down at you just to
confuse the hell out of people and maybe
they don't mean anything but anywho this
has been the VCR and I loving for my
very first episode on gaming
conspiracies and until next time I will
see you guys then